AGU 2025This December, AGU25 returns to New Orleans, LA 15-19 December 2025, with the theme ŇWhere Science Connects Us.Ó We canŐt wait to see you there! Each year, AGUŐs annual meeting, the largest gathering of Earth and space scientists, convenes 25,000+ attendees from 100+ countries to share research and connect with friends and colleagues. Scientists, educators, policymakers, journalists and communicators attend AGU25 to better understand our planet and environment, opening pathways to discovery, opening greater awareness to address climate change, opening greater collaborations to lead to solutions and opening the fields and professions of science to a whole new age of justice equity, diversity, inclusion and belonging.AGU25 will be held at the New Orleans Ernest N. Morial Convention Center.Visit the AGU25 website for the latest updates and information.In-PersonDiscover all the essential information needed to attend AGU25 in person Đ from planning your trip to New Orleans and obtaining a visa, to securing hotel accommodations, accessing travel discounts, and keeping up with our health and safety guidelines. Please check back regularly for the latest updates.Conference VenueThe 2025 Annual Meeting will take place at the New Orleans Ernest N. Morial Convention Center.New Orleans Ernest N. Morial Convention Center900 Convention Center BlvdNew Orleans, LA 70130Presenter ResourcesPresenting and chairing at AGU25 is incredibly rewarding. It also requires plenty of preparation and planning. This set of guidelines contains all the information you need to prepare for a successful oral, poster, or GeoBurst session. Refer to the navigation above to find your relevant session type.Presenters pleaseĘconfirm your participation and confirm or update your in-person or online participation via the Speaker CenterĘas soon as possible!Please use theĘContact FormĘif you have any questions about your participation at AGU25.ĘNew for AGU25:* Please note, AGU will no longer support the usage of Keynote (Mac) presentations during the conference. Updates reflect member feedback, a push for accessibility, and due to low use & financial/logistical factors. Please be aware that you must convert your presentation to a PC friendly version, including PowerPoint and PDF, prior to presenting. Further instructions will be provided to presenters upon acceptance.* Please note, the OSPA program is paused for AGU25.* We understand that as a U.S. federal government employee you may not be able to confirm your acceptance or register for AGU25 until your travel is approved by your agency. Please note, theĘearly bird registration ratesĘwill be extended to you even if you need to register after the 6 November deadline. You will also have an opportunity to accept your presentation OR designate an alternative presenting author up until the start of the meeting, 15 December. Once your participation and travel are approved, please confirm your participation or change the presenting author via the online 'Speaker Center' as soon as possible so that the session chairs can plan the session accordingly.Abstract & Session Proposal ProcessAbstract and Session submission are closed. TheĘonline scientific programĘis published and authors are notified of the acceptance, format and schedule of their abstracts in early October.If you are interested in learning more about the session proposal or abstract submission process click the links below:* Abstract Submission* Convener Guidelines* TimelineQuick LinksAbstractsĘAbstracts Submisson PoliciesĘScience Exchange SessionsĘSession FinderĘSession ProposalsĘTimelineĘWhat's New for AGU25ĘTraining Sessions and VideosAGU will offer training sessions and short training videos to help presenters and chairs prepare for a successful session.iPoster DemonstrationĘThursday, 6 November, 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM ESTRepresentatives from theĘiPosterSessionsĘplatform will provide a live demonstration of the platform and tools available to create a digital, innovative poster. This training is intended for all poster presenters.View theĘtraining recordingĘandĘchat.Show MorePoster Requirements and Best Practices* In-person poster presenters must prepare aĘprinted posterĘfor display on your assigned board in theĘPoster Hall.o Official poster printer:ĘCCI ProductionsĘŃĘposters ordered through CCIĘcan beĘpicked up at their boothĘnear the Hall E entrance of the New Orleans Convention Center.Dimensions* Maximum poster size: 72 inches W x 42 inches H (6 feet W x 3.5 feet H)* Allow for a 2.54-centimeter (1-inch) border* Posters are best positioned horizontally to match the layout of the display board.* Place images, text, logos, etc. at least 2.54 centimeters (1-inch) from the edge.Show More