Dates:ÊOctober 30Ð31, 2025?Venue:ÊNakhchivan State University, Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan?Format:ÊHybrid (in-person and online participation)ÊConference OverviewThe conferenceÊ"ÊAdvancement and Innovation: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning" is an international forum that brings together researchers, developers, industry professionals, policymakers, and scientists to discuss and shape the future of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML). As AI and ML continue to revolutionize key sectors such as healthcare, education, transportation, manufacturing, and finance, this conference serves as a vital platform for exchanging breakthrough ideas, addressing challenges, and promoting significant innovations.?Artificial intelligence and machine learning not only enhance automation and decision-making processes but also transform the way people interact with data, systems, and one another.Conference Objectives:?¥ To present the latest research and technological innovations in the field of AI and ML?¥ To showcase real-world application examples across various sectors?¥ To examine key issues such as data quality, model interpretability, scalability, and algorithmic fairness?¥ To foster collaboration between academia, industry, and government to support progress in the age of AIParticipants will have the opportunity to hear from leading experts covering a wide range of topics, from theoretical foundations to practical applications of these technologies. Beyond knowledge sharing, the conference aims to inspire long-term partnerships and innovative ideas that contribute to building a smarter, more efficient, and inclusive digital future.ÊConference Co-ChairsProf. Dr. Vilayat Valiyev Ð Rector of Azerbaijan Technical University, AzerbaijanProf. Dr. Elbrus Isayev Ð Rector of Nakhchivan State University, AzerbaijanProf. Dr.ÊSadriddin Turabjanov-Rector of Tashkent State Technical University, Tashkent, UzbekistanProf. Dr. Ho Chin Kuan- Vice Chancellor at Asia Pacific University of Technology and Innovation (APU), MalaysiaAssoc. Prof. Anar Eminov Ð Rector of Mingachevir State University, AzerbaijanOrganizing CommitteePhD Rajab Jafarli ÐÊRectorÕs Advisor for Strategic Affairs, NSUPhD Fariz Mammadov ÐÊVice-Rector for International Relations, AzTUBakhtiyar BadalovÊÐÊHead of the Research and Development Department, AzTUDSc., Prof. Yadigar Imamverdiyev Ð Head of Cyber SecurityÊDepartment, AzTUProf.ÊMamirov Uktam Farkhodovich Ð Dean of the Faculty of Electronics and Automatization, TSTUPhDÊMalik Qarayev ÐÊDean of the Faculty of Machine Building and Robotics, AzTUAssoc.ÊProf. Huseyngulu Guluev Ð Dean of theÊFaculty of Energy and Automation, AzTUAssoc. Prof. Almaz Aliyeva Ð Dean of the Faculty of Engineering, MSUAssoc.ÊProf. Taleh Shirinov Ð Dean of the Faculty of Information and Telecommunication Technologies, AzTUAssoc. Prof. Mahir Ismailov Ð Head of the Department of Mechanics, MSUPhDÊHikmat Aliyev ÐÊHead of the DepartmentÊof Electrical Engineering, AzTUPhD Iftikhar ChalabiÊÐÊHead of theÊDepartmentÊof Mechatronics, AzTUAssoc. Prof. Aida Mustafayeva Ð Head of the Department of Information Technology, MSUPhDÊArastun Mammadov ÐÊÊHead of the Education Department, AzTUPhD Atif Namazov ÐÊHead of the Department of Mathematics and AI, AzTUAssoc. Prof. Elmira Israfilova Ð Department of Information Technology, MSUJustin Gilbert Alexius Silvester Ð Data Analytics / Data Science / General AI / Software Engineering, APUDr. Adeline Sneha John Chrisastum Ð Wireless Sensor Networks, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, IoT,ÊAPUDr. Sharman Sundarajoo ÐÊPower Electronics, Power Generation, APUYusupbekov Nodirbek Rustambekovich Ð Academician, TSTUÊKarimova Gulsum Ð Member, Department of Organization and Analysis of Scientific Activities, NSUIgamberdiev Husan Zakirovich Ð Academician of Academy of Science Republic of Uzbekistan, TSTUConference Scientific SecretaryDSc., Prof. Yadigar Imamverdiyev Ð Head of Cyber SecurityÊÊDepartment, AzTUBakhtiyar BadalovÊ-ÊHead of Research and Development Department, AzTUInternational Program CommitteeProf. Subhan Namazov -Vice-rector for science and innovation, AzTUAssoc. Prof. Elsever Asadov- Vice-rector for science and innovation issues, NSUDr. Imran Medi -Computational Intelligence / Evolutionary computing / Swarm intelligence, APUProf. Rasim Alguliyev -Full member of ANAS, Director of the Institute of Information Technology of MSE, AzerbaijanProf. Ramiz Aliguliyev -Corresponding member of ANAS, Head of Department of the Institute of Information Technology of MSE, AzerbaijanProf. Donaev Sardor Burkhanovich- Vice rector for science and innovation, TSTUProf. Cavanshir Zeynalov -Dean of Faculty of Architecture and Engineering, NSUProf. Veysal Ayyubov -Vice rector for Scientific Affiars, MSUProf. Zaripov Oripjon Olimovich- Vice rector for academic affairs, TSTUDr. Mohammad Reza Maghami-ÊAI Integration, Renewable Energy, Smart Grid, IOT, APUDr. Mukil Alagirisamy-Wireless Networks, IOT, Image Processing, Sensors and Signal Processing, APUAssoc. Prof. Jeyhun Mahmudov -Advisor to the Rector on Educational Process Organization and Management, MSUDr. Maythem-Internet of Things / Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning, APUDr. Reena Sri Selvarajan -Biomedical nanoelectronics, medical devices, 2D carbon nanomaterials, APUAssoc. Prof. Azimov Shavkat Shukhratovich- Vice rector for internatzialiation and transformation, TSTUDr. Nohman Khan-Digital Transformation, Sustainability, Digital Marketing, APUÊÊÊ