
Skip to content
Image of Rotterdam when the sun is setting with a modern view with a bridge, skyline across the river.
ASPLOS 2025 logo

Rotterdam, The Netherlands — March 30- April 3, 2025. Co-located with EuroSys.

    ASPLOS 2025
    Contribute
        Call for Papers
            Important Dates
        Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
        Artifact Evaluation
        Call for participation: Contest Track
        Call for WACI 2025
        ASPLOS 2026 Call for Papers
    Committee
        Organizing Committee
        Steering Committee
        Program Committee
        External Review Committee
    Attend
        Registration
        Accommodation
        Visa Information
        Conference Venue
            Getting There
            Exploring Rotterdam
        Student Travel Grants
        Photo Gallery
    Program
        ASPLOS+EuroSys Joint Schedule
        Program
        Awards
        Workshops and Tutorials
        WACI
    Code of Conduct
    EuroSys 2025

ASPLOS 2025

ASPLOS 2025 will be co-located with EuroSys 2025. Attendees will be able to attend both conferences through a single registration fee.

ASPLOS, the ACM International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, is the premier academic forum for multidisciplinary computer systems research spanning hardware, software, and their interaction. It focuses on computer architecture, programming languages, operating systems, and associated areas such as networking and storage.

ASPLOS 2025 will be held in Rotterdam, the Netherlands from the 30th of March to the 3rd of April 2025.
News

2025-04-11: The ASPLOS + Eurosys 2025 Photo gallery is up.

2025-04-01: The ASPLOS 2025 Awards can be found here

2025-03-22: The ASPLOS + EuroSys Joint Schedule is up. The ASPLOS-only program is available here.

2025-01-28: ASPLOS 2026 Call for Papers is up!

2025-01-20: Conference rates for accommodation are up.

2024-12-20: Registration and Visa information are up.

2024-12-09: Information on Student Travel Grant is up.

2024-12-06: Call for Wild and Crazy Ideas (WACI) is up.

2024-11-27: Accepted workshops and tutorials and their schedules are posted!

2024-11-26: New ASPLOS & EuroSys Contest Track: Calling for participation!

2024-09-13: Call for Workshops and Tutorials is up.

2024-08-07: Some suggestions to exploring Rotterdam is up.

2024-07-19: Tentative schedule of ASPLOS and EuroSys 2024 is up.

2024-07-18: Information on the conference venue has been added.
Sponsors
Diamond

Silver
Bronze

Arm Ltd. Logo
Mangoboost Logo

We are grateful for the support of our sponsors. If you’re interested in sponsoring ASPLOS 2025 and EuroSys 2025, please refer to our Sponsorship Leaflet for more details.
Technical Sponsors

Proudly powered by WordPress

Skip to content
Image of Rotterdam when the sun is setting with a modern view with a bridge, skyline across the river.
ASPLOS 2025 logo

Rotterdam, The Netherlands — March 30- April 3, 2025. Co-located with EuroSys.

    ASPLOS 2025
    Contribute
        Call for Papers
            Important Dates
        Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
        Artifact Evaluation
        Call for participation: Contest Track
        Call for WACI 2025
        ASPLOS 2026 Call for Papers
    Committee
        Organizing Committee
        Steering Committee
        Program Committee
        External Review Committee
    Attend
        Registration
        Accommodation
        Visa Information
        Conference Venue
            Getting There
            Exploring Rotterdam
        Student Travel Grants
        Photo Gallery
    Program
        ASPLOS+EuroSys Joint Schedule
        Program
        Awards
        Workshops and Tutorials
        WACI
    Code of Conduct
    EuroSys 2025

ASPLOS 2025 Call for Papers
Synopsis

ASPLOS, the ACM International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, is the premier academic forum for multidisciplinary applied computer systems research spanning hardware, software, and their interaction. It focuses on practical aspects of computer architecture, programming languages, operating systems, and associated areas such as networking and storage. ASPLOS 2025 will take place in March-April 2025 in Rotterdam, co-located with EuroSys 2025.

ASPLOS 2025 has three submission deadlines – spring, summer and fall – which are meant to encourage authors to submit their papers when they are ready. As in recent years, ASPLOS 2025 will allow the authors of some submissions to choose to apply a major revision to their submission in order to fix a well-defined list of problems.
Important Dates 

Spring Cycle

    Abstract Deadline: February 23, 2024
    Paper Deadline: March 1, 2024
    Author Response Period: May 15-20, 2024
    Notification Date:  June 6, 2024
    Spring submission site

Summer Cycle

    Abstract Deadline: June 17, 2024
    Paper Deadline: June 24, 2024
    Author Response Period: September 9-13, 2024
    Notification Date: October 2, 2024
    Summer submission site

Fall Cycle

    Paper Deadline: October 18, 2024 (There is no abstract deadline for this cycle.)
    Author Response Period: January 13-15, 2025
    Notification Date: January 27, 2025
    Fall submission site

All deadlines are AoE.
Scope and Expectations

The scope of ASPLOS 2025 covers all practical aspects related to the three main ASPLOS disciplines: computer architecture, programming languages, and operating systems, as well as closely-related associated areas. ASPLOS construes systems broadly, and areas of interest include, but are not limited to: operating systems, file and storage systems, distributed systems, cloud computing, mobile and edge systems, secure and reliable systems, systems aspects of big data and machine learning, embedded and real-time systems, and virtualization. We seek original, high-quality research submissions that improve and further the knowledge of applied computer systems, with emphasis on the intersection between the main ASPLOS disciplines. Research submission may be applicable to computer systems of any scale, ranging from small, ultra-low power wearable devices to large scale parallel computers and data centers. We embrace research that directly targets new problems in innovative ways. The research may target diverse goals, such as throughput, latency, energy, and security. Non-traditional topics are encouraged, and the review process will be sensitive to the challenges of multidisciplinary work in emerging areas. We welcome submission of “experience papers” that have a novel component and that clearly articulate the lessons learned. We likewise welcome submissions whereby novelty lies in furthering our understandings of existing systems, e.g., by uncovering previously unknown, valuable insights or by convincingly refuting prior published results and common wisdom. We value submissions more highly if they are accompanied by clearly defined artifacts not previously available, including traces, original data, source code, or tools developed as part of the submitted work. We particularly encourage new ideas and approaches.

Alphabetically sorted areas of interest related to practical aspects of computer architecture, programming languages, and operating systems include but are not limited to:

    Existing, emerging, and nontraditional compute platforms at all scales
    Heterogeneous architectures and accelerators
    Internet services, cloud computing, and datacenters
    Memory, storage, networking, and I/O
    Power, energy, and thermal management
    Profiling, debugging, and testing
    Security, reliability, and availability
    Systems for enabling parallelism and computation on big data
    Virtualization and virtualized systems

A good submission will typically: motivate a significant problem; propose a practical solution or approach that makes sense; demonstrate not just the pros but also the cons of the proposal using sound experimental methods; explicitly disclose what has and has not been implemented; articulate the new contributions beyond previous work; and refrain from overclaiming, focusing the abstract and introduction sections primarily on the difference between the new proposal and what is already available. The latter statement should be interpreted broadly to also encompass studies that broaden our understanding of existing systems (rather than suggest new ones), which may constitute a significant problem in its own right. Submissions will be judged on relevance, novelty, technical merit, and clarity. Submissions are expected to adhere to SIGPLAN’s Empirical Evaluation Guidelines and all the policies specified below.
Resubmissions

Authors of resubmitted work must describe in a separate note—to be uploaded to the submission site at submission time—the changes since the previous submission(s). This description helps reviewers who may have reviewed a previous draft of the work to appreciate any improvements to the currently submitted work. Please try to limit this document to one page.

For resubmitted work that received a “Major Revision” followed by a revised submission, the revision also counts as a submission, so the note should describe changes relative to the revision rather than the original submission.

Submissions rejected from ASPLOS must not be submitted to the next two subsequent review cycles. The corresponding restrictions on ASPLOS ‘25 submissions are thus:

    Papers rejected in 2024 Spring, or earlier, are now eligible for resubmission to ASPLOS.
    Papers rejected in 2024 Summer may not resubmit until ASPLOS 2025 Summer (or later).
    Papers rejected in 2024 Fall may not resubmit until ASPLOS 2025 Fall (or later).

These resubmission rules are strict and hold even if a submission has undergone extensive revision. If a paper is withdrawn from an ASPLOS cycle after reviews are made available, it is considered “rejected” from that cycle (and cannot be resubmitted to the next two cycles).
Major Revisions

In addition to Accept and Reject outcomes, ASPLOS 2025 will offer some submissions a “Major Revision” decision. The authors of such submissions will be given the opportunity to apply a major revision to their work and resubmit it at the camera ready deadline (6 weeks from notification). These submissions will be provided with clear and actionable reviewer feedback for their revision, and they will be typically reviewed by some of the same reviewers as the original submission. If the revision requirements are satisfactorily met, the revised submission will be accepted.

Revised submissions can use 13 pages (the same length as camera-ready versions, and 2 pages more than the original submission). The additional length is intended to let authors address the revision requirements.

Accept or reject notifications for spring and summer major revisions will coincide with the notifications of the subsequent cycle. Notifications of fall major revisions will occur no later than two months after the revisions have been resubmitted.
Anonymization

ASPLOS employs a double-blind review process, keeping author identities concealed from reviewers and vice versa. You must therefore make a good faith attempt to anonymize your submission by avoiding identifying yourself or your institution/affiliation in any of the submitted documents (except in specific fields on the HotCRP submission form designated for this purpose), either explicitly or by implication, e.g., through references, acknowledgments, online repositories that are referenced by the submission, or interaction with committee members.

Do not include a “reference removed for blind review” text or similar in your submission. When it is necessary to cite your own studies, cite them as written by a third party.  Only if that is not possible, they can be uploaded and cited as anonymized supplemental material (see below). This applies to workshop papers that are being extended by your current ASPLOS submission, and related submissions of your own that are simultaneously under review or awaiting publication at other venues. Publication as a technical report or in an online repository does not constitute a violation of this policy, and some other exceptions apply; see the “originality and concurrent submissions” section below for details.

Please make sure not to reveal author and/or affiliation information through side channels and other less obvious means. For example, the metadata included in the PDF should not give away such information. If you’d like to point to a repository of, e.g., the working code of your system (which is great and much appreciated), this repository should, of course, be anonymized. It is okay and often makes sense to create anonymized repositories merely for the sake of an anonymous submission. If your system is already released to the public, rename it in your submission. You should likewise avoid inadvertently revealing affiliation in your submission by identifying your company’s name in situations where, e.g., it is clear that the authors of the submission most probably work for the company that manufactures the device or provides the service that constitutes the topic of your work; instead, please use a generic name, like “a computer server vendor X,” “a cloud service provider Y,” and such like.

If concealing system name or affiliation would make your paper difficult to understand, contact the program chairs to discuss exceptions to this policy. Submissions that are not properly anonymized will likely be rejected without review.
Anonymized Supplemental Material

Supplemental material may be submitted as a single-but-separate anonymized PDF file without page limit. The nature of such material is explained in the above “anonymization” section. We permit uploading such material exclusively for the purpose of handling specific anonymity issues.

The submission must be self-contained within the page limit, and the supplemental material mechanism should not be used as a way to circumvent this limit. The reviewers are neither required nor encouraged to read such material when making their decision.
Declaring Conflicts of Interest   

Authors must register all their conflicts in their HotCRP submission page. Conflicts are needed to ensure appropriate assignment of reviewers. If a submission is found to have an undeclared conflict that causes a problem or if a paper is found to declare false conflicts in order to abuse or “game” the review system, the submission will be summarily rejected.

Both people and institutions (companies, universities, and other relevant organizations) may be declared as having a conflict of interest (COI) with respect to an author. Please declare a COI with the following for any author of your submission; please do so with respect to all your conflicts, not just restricted to program committee (PC) and extended review committee (ERC) members, as we may occasionally ask for external reviews from people outside the PC/ERC.

    Your current institution(s) and other institutions that you were affiliated with in the past four years relative to the submission deadline; also, an institution that is about to become your employer.
    Your PhD advisor(s), post-doctoral host(s), PhD students, and post-doctoral advisees; these COIs are forever.
    Family relations by blood or marriage and close personal friends (who may potentially be reviewers); these COIs are likewise forever.
    People with whom you have collaborated in the last four years, including co-authors of accepted/rejected/pending paper submissions and co-PIs of accepted/rejected/pending grant proposals.
    Potential reviewers who shared your primary institution(s) in the last four years, or where one is actively engaged in discussions about employment with the other person’s institution.
    When there is a direct funding relationship between an author and a potential reviewer (e.g., the reviewer is a sponsor of an author’s research on behalf of his/her company or vice versa).
    Among PIs of research structures supported under the same umbrella funding award who (1) participate regularly in non-public meetings sponsored by that umbrella award, and (2) are regularly exposed to presentations or discussions of unpublished work at such meetings.

Do not declare a COI for the following cases:

    You must not declare a COI with a reviewer just because that reviewer works on topics similar to or related to those in your paper.
    “Service” collaborations such as co-authoring a report for a professional organization or an open-source community, serving on a program committee, or co-presenting tutorials, do not themselves create a COI. 
    Co-authoring a paper that is a compendium of various projects without direct collaboration among the projects does not constitute a conflict among the authors of the different projects. 
    Internships constitute a conflict of interest during the period of employment of the intern, but not thereafter, unless some other provision applies (e.g., co-authorship or ongoing research collaboration after the internship). Graduate students are not presumed to have an automatic COI with their undergraduate institution. On the other hand, prospective graduate students do have a COI with any institution they have applied to if they are actively engaged in discussions with any faculty member at that institution. Once they join an institution to pursue graduate studies, automatic COIs with any other prospective institutions sunset. In all these cases, the collaboration COI above still applies.

When in doubt, contact the program chairs and ask.
Declaring Authors

Declare all the authors of the submission upfront. Addition/removal of authors once the submission is accepted will have to be approved by the program chairs, since it potentially undermines the goal of eliminating conflicts for reviewer assignment.
Declaring Areas and Topics

ASPLOS emphasizes multidisciplinary research. Submissions should ideally – albeit not necessarily – emphasize synergy of two or more of the three main ASPLOS disciplines: computer architecture, programming languages, and operating systems (broadly interpreted). Authors should therefore indicate at least one of these areas on the submission form and, preferably, more than one.

Authors should also indicate on the submission form more focused topics matching their work, which will be used for reviewer assignment.
Originality and Concurrent Submissions

By submitting a manuscript to ASPLOS, the authors guarantee that the manuscript has not been previously published or accepted for publication in a substantially similar form in any conference, journal, or workshop. The only exceptions are (1) workshops without archived proceedings such as in the ACM digital library (or where the authors chose not to have their paper appear in the archived proceedings), or (2) venues such as IEEE CAL where there is an explicit policy that such publication does not preclude longer conference submissions. These are not considered prior publications. Technical reports and papers posted on public social media sites, web pages, or online repositories such as arxiv.org are not considered prior publications either. In these cases, the submitted manuscript may ignore the posted work to preserve author anonymity. 

The authors additionally guarantee that no manuscript that contains significant overlap with the contributions of the submitted document is or will be under review for any other conference, journal, or workshop during the ASPLOS review cycle for which it was submitted. Violation of any of these conditions will lead to rejection and possibly additional actions against the offending authors. 

You should also adhere to the ACM Plagiarism Policy (http://www.acm.org/publications/policies/plagiarism_policy), which covers a range of ethical issues concerning the misrepresentation of other works or one’s own work. 

As usual, if in doubt, consult with the program chairs.
Ethical and Other Obligations

    Authors are not allowed to break anonymity when interacting with known ASPLOS PC/ERC members, e.g., by mentioning/identifying work that they plan to submit to ASPLOS or have already submitted and is currently under review.
    Authors are not allowed to contact reviewers or PC/ERC members in order to encourage or solicit them to bid on any submission; to attempt to sway a reviewer or PC/ERC member to review any submission positively or negatively; to contact reviewers or PC/ERC members requesting any type of information about the reviewing process, either in general or specifically about submitted manuscripts; to contact reviewers or PC/ERC members to ask about the outcomes of any submission.
    Authors are not allowed to advertise their work during the period starting two weeks before the submission deadline and ending when the results of the review cycle are publicized. The work includes the submission itself and closely related documents such as technical reports or arxiv.org uploads. Advertisement pertains to such communication channels such as social media, community blogs, and web pages. To clarify, authors are indeed allowed to upload their submission to arxiv.org and other such online repositories; the restriction relates to advertising such postings.
    Authors are not allowed to post in the aforementioned channels about the content of the reviews they may have received until the results of the corresponding review cycle are publicized; “shaming” (and thus potentially applying pressure on) reviewers before the review process terminates is considered unethical.
    Authors must abide by the ACM ethics policy (https://www.acm.org/code-of-ethics). 

Violation of these policies might result in rejection of the submission and possible additional action by the ACM. 

ACM requires that all submitting authors will be aware of the following policies in particular:

By submitting your article to an ACM publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects. Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.
Formatting and Editing

We will use the same format template for submission and camera-ready versions. Submissions must be printable PDF files. When creating your submission, you must use the sigplan proceedings template of ACM’s acmart Latex class available on the official ACM site. Your main LaTeX file should have the following structure:

% use the base acmart.cls
% use the sigplan proceeding template with the default 10 pt fonts
% nonacm option removes ACM related text in the submission. 
\documentclass[sigplan,nonacm]{acmart}

% enable page numbers
\settopmatter{printfolios=true}

\begin{document}
\title{...}

\begin{abstract}
...
\end{abstract}

\maketitle % should come after the abstract

% add the paper content here

% use the ACM bibliography style
\bibliographystyle{ACM-Reference-Format}
\bibliography{...}

\end{document}

Your final submission should visually look similar to this sample produced from the zip file above.

“Squeezing” Space is Forbidden. Refrain from tweaking the aforementioned template and from formatting your text in a manner that violates its settings. Notably, refrain from squeezing additional space, e.g., by using \vspace or packages that manipulate vertical space. The template already generates a very dense document, and you must not make it denser. Your submission will be visually and automatically inspected using tools developed for this purpose, and it will be rejected if you violate the formatting policy, even if your PDF passed the HotCRP format check (which is unable to verify much of the requirements).

Page Layout and Limit.  Full submissions must not exceed 11 pages of single-spaced two-column text. This page limit applies to all text, figures, tables, footnotes, appendices, etc. The only exception is the bibliographic references section, which is not included in the page limit. The submission must be self-contained within the page limit, allowing reviewers to evaluate the work without having to consider any external or supplementary material outside this limit. The reviewers greatly value conciseness, so if you can describe your work with fewer pages than the limit, please do. All pages should be numbered. 

Page Limit of Accepted Papers and Major Revisions.  The authors of an accepted paper are allowed to use +2 pages in the camera-ready version beyond the aforementioned page limit. The same applies to major revisions, to accommodate added experiments and such. In addition to this +2 automatic page limit increase, authors of accepted papers may purchase 1–2 more pages, if they wish (payment will be processed when registering to the conference).

Font Size, Tables, and Figures.  The submission’s text must use a 10pt font (not 9pt) or bigger. Labels, captions, and text within figures, graphs, and tables must use reasonable font sizes that, as printed, do not require extra magnification beyond “100%” to be legible. In particular, text inside figures/tables should generally use what appears to readers as a 9pt font or bigger after any intra-document scaling has been applied. Fonts appearing smaller than 8pt are not permitted. As noted, this and other requirements are not checked automatically by the HotCRP format checker, so it is the authors’ responsibility to check it. Figures can and should use colors but should also be color-blind friendly and readable when printed in monochrome. Spacing between figures/tables/captions/text should be determined by the latex template.

References.  Because references do not count against the page limit, the space they occupy should not be “optimized” away. Notably, the full, non-abbreviated first and last names of all co-authors of all citations must be specified (no “et al.”). The reference citations within the submission (numbers in square brackets) should be hyperlinked to the corresponding items in the references section, to ease the job of reviewers. Also, reviewers will very much appreciate clickable links (preferably DOIs) associated with each entry in your references section.

Specifications.  The following table specifies some of the main typeset requirements. Use our mandatory latex template and follow the above instructions to make sure that these and other formatting requirements are met.
aspect	requirement
file format	PDF with numbered pages
page limit	11 pages, not including references
paper size	US Letter 8.5in x 11in
top margin	1in
bottom margin	1in
left margin	0.75in
right margin	0.75in
column separation	0.333in
body	2-column, single-spaced
body font size	10pt
abstract font	10pt
section heading font	12pt, bold
subsection heading font	10pt, bold
space between section heading and text	≥ 6pt
caption font	9pt
fonts in figures and tables	≥ 8pt, preferably ≥ 9pt
reference entries	8pt; no page limit; list full names of all author (no “et al.”); include link to document (preferably DOI); make references to citations clickable
appendices	count towards the page limit

Submissions that violate any of these restrictions might be rejected without being reviewed.
Author Response Period

ASPLOS 2024 will provide an opportunity for authors to respond to reviews prior to final consideration of the submissions at the program committee meeting; see exact dates specified above. Authors should generally focus their rebuttal on (1) correcting factual errors in the reviews and (2) directly addressing questions posed by reviewers. When a major revision is a realistic possibility, in addition to clarifying the submitted work, rebuttals may describe new experiments and data, if doing so addresses the reviewers’ concerns. Rebuttals are optional but strongly encouraged, and their absence might indicate to reviewers that authors are not interested in improving the work. There is no explicit word limit to a rebuttal, but authors are strongly encouraged to keep it under 800 words, and reviewers are not expected to read words that exceed this limit. Authors are not allowed to attach files to the rebuttal HotCRP comment.
Accepted Papers

Submissions selected by the program committee will be conditionally accepted, subject to revision and approval by a committee member acting as a shepherd. Accepted papers will be allowed two additional pages in the proceedings (and up to two more with a fee of $200 per page). We expect that one author of each accepted paper will physically attend the conference and present the work in a dedicated time slot (unless all authors have difficulty traveling due to such serious limitations as visa restrictions, care-giving responsibilities, and disability). By default, all accepted papers will be made available online to registered attendees before the conference at a date that depends on the review cycle. Papers accepted to the spring and summer deadlines will be published in separate volumes in advance of the conference.

ACM requires that all authors of accepted papers will adhere to the following policy. Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all published authors to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution, and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.
Artifact Evaluation 

Artifact evaluation will continue in 2025 as has become a tradition at ASPLOS. Please refer to the ASPLOS 2025 AEC web page for more information.
Poster and Lightning Sessions

In addition to the regular presentations, the program may include poster and lightning sessions. If those are included, details can be found here when they become available.
Wild and Crazy Ideas Session

The program will also tentatively include a WACI session. Details will become available later. 
Debate Session

Should the program include a debate session, details will be posted here.
Best Paper Award

The committee will select a handful of papers to receive a Best Paper Award. The decision may or may not be communicated to the winning authors prior to the official announcement at the opening session of the conference.
Program and Registration

Complete program and registration information will be available on the conference website as soon as it becomes available.
Confidentiality

All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication. Rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential.
Acknowledgement

Several ideas in this document and parts of the text have been taken from previous conferences, so we thank their program chairs. In particular, Dan Tsafrir and Madan Musuvathi (ASPLOS ‘24), Natalie Enright Jerger and Michael Swift (ASPLOS ’23), Shan Lu and Thomas Wenisch (ASPLOS ’22), Emery Berger and Christos Kozyrakis (ASPLOS ’21), Luis Ceze and Karin Strauss (ASPLOS ’20), Emmett Witchel and Alvy Lebeck (ASPLOS ’19), Dahlia Malkhi and Dan Tsafrir (ATC ’19), Ricardo Bianchini and Vivek Sarkar (ASPLOS ’18), John Carter (ASPLOS ’17), Yuanyuan Zhou (ASPLOS ’16), Sandhya Dwarkadas (ASPLOS ’15), Sarita Adve (ASPLOS ’14), Steve Keckler (ISCA ’14), Margaret Martonosi (ISCA ’13), Onur Mutlu (MICRO ’12), and Michael L. Scott (ASPLOS ’12).
Questions?

Please direct any questions to the program co-chairs at asplos2025pcchairs@gmail.com.
Proudly powered by WordPress

Skip to content
Image of Rotterdam when the sun is setting with a modern view with a bridge, skyline across the river.
ASPLOS 2025 logo

Rotterdam, The Netherlands — March 30- April 3, 2025. Co-located with EuroSys.

    ASPLOS 2025
    Contribute
        Call for Papers
            Important Dates
        Call for Workshops and Tutorials 
        Artifact Evaluation
        Call for participation: Contest Track
        Call for WACI 2025
        ASPLOS 2026 Call for Papers
    Committee
        Organizing Committee
        Steering Committee
        Program Committee
        External Review Committee
    Attend
        Registration
        Accommodation
        Visa Information
        Conference Venue
            Getting There
            Exploring Rotterdam
        Student Travel Grants
        Photo Gallery
    Program
        ASPLOS+EuroSys Joint Schedule
        Program
        Awards
        Workshops and Tutorials
        WACI
    Code of Conduct
    EuroSys 2025

Committee
Organizing Committee
General Chairs	Georgios Smaragdakis	TU Delft
	Katai Liang	TU Delft
	Lieven Eeckhout	Ghent University (ASPLOS 2025)
	Cristiano Giuffrida	VU Amsterdam (EuroSys 2025)
Program Chairs	Adrian Sampson	Cornell University
	Martha Kim	Columbia University
	Chris Rossbach	University of Texas at Austin
Vice Program Chairs	Martin Maas	Google
	Roshan Dathathri	Microsoft
	Christina Delimitrou	MIT
	Michael Bond	Ohio State University
	Vijay Chidambaram	UT Austin
	Rachata Ausavarungnirun	MangoBoost
	Yufei Ding	UCSD
	Arkaprava Basu	IISc Bangalore
	Sasa Misailovic	UIUC
	Brandon Lucia	CMU
Publication Chair	Xulong Tang	University of Pittsburgh
Workshops & Tutorials Chairs	Magnus Jahre	Norwegian University of Science and Technology
	Alexandra Jimborean	University of Murcia
Registration Chair	Chao Li	Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Web Chair	Chang Hyun Park	Uppsala University
Financial Chair	José Cano	University of Glasgow
Sponsorship Chairs	Minsoo Rhu	KAIST
	Rakesh Kumar	Norwegian University of Science and Technology
	Benjamin Lee	University of Pennsylvania
Travel Grants Chairs	 Hyeran Jeon	UC Merced
	Seonjin Na	Georgia Institute of Technology
Publicity Chairs	Zhibin Yu	SIAT
	Ismail Akturk	Bilkent University
	Udit Gupta	 Cornell University
AV Chair	Burcu Kulahcioglu Ozkan	TU Delft
Poster Chair	Koji Inoue	Kyushu University
WACI Chair	Martin Maas	Google
Artifact Evaluation Chairs	Brad Denby	Virginia Tech
	Hyoukjun Kwon	UC Irvine
	Kiwan Maeng	Pennsylvania State University
Local Arrangements Chair	Lucienne Dado	Support Delft Events, the Netherlands
Steering Committee
Tor Aamodt (Chair)	University of British Columbia
Nael Abu-Ghazaleh	University of California, Riverside
Babak Falsafi	EPFL
Michael Ferdman	Stony Brook University
Rajiv Gupta	University of California, Riverside
Natalie Enright Jerger 	University of Toronto
Shan Lu 	University of Chicago
Madan Musuvathi	Microsoft Research
Andrew Myers	Cornell
KyoungSoo Park	Seoul National University
Michael Swift	University of Wisconsin, Madison
Dan Tsafrir	Technion – Israel Institute of Technology
Thomas Wenisch	Google & University of Michigan
Program Committee
Aaron Smith	Microsoft
Aashaka Shah	Microsoft Research
Aastha Mehta	University of British Columbia
Abdulrahman Mahmoud	Harvard University
Adam Morrison	Tel Aviv University
Ahmed Louri	George Washington University
Akanksha Jain	Google
Albert Cohen	Google DeepMind
Alec Wolman	Microsoft
Ali Mashtizadeh	University of Waterloo
Amin Vahdat	Google
Amir Yazdanbakhsh	Google DeepMind
Andreas Haeberlen	University of Pennsylvania / Roblox
Andrew Putnam	Microsoft
Ang Li	University of Washington
Aninda Manocha	Rivos Inc.
Anitha Gollamudi	University of Massachusetts Lowell
Antoine Kaufmann	MPI-SWS
Antonia Zhai	University of Minnesota
Antonino Tumeo	Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
Antony Hosking	Australian National University
Arpan Gujarati	Assistant Professor, University of British Columbia
Arrvindh Shriraman	Simon Fraser University
Arthur Perais	CNRS
Asaf Cidon	Columbia University
Ashish Panwar	Microsoft Research India
Ashish Venkat	University of Virginia
Ashvin Goel	University of Toronto
Austin Rovinski	NYU
Babak Falsafi	EPFL
Baris Kasikci	University of Washington and Google
Ben L. Titzer	Carnegie Mellon University
Benjamin Lee	University of Pennsylvania
Bhargavi Narayanasetty	Microsoft
Bo Wu	Colorado School of Mines and HI Labs
Brian Demsky	University of California, Irvine
Calin Cascaval	Google Research
Carl Waldspurger	Carl Waldspurger Consulting
Changwoo Min	Igalia
Chaojie Zhang	Microsoft
Charith Mendis	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Chengcheng Wan	East China Normal University
Chenxi Wang	Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Chia-Che Tsai	Texas A&M University
Chris Hawblitzel	Microsoft Research
Christian DeLozier	United States Naval Academy
Christina Delimitrou	MIT
Christopher De Sa	Cornell
Daehyeok Kim	The University of Texas at Austin
Dan Grossman	University of Washington
Daniel S. Berger	Microsoft Azure and University of Washington
Dave Dice	Oracle Labs
David Andersen	Carnegie Mellon University
David F. Bacon	Google
David Grove	IBM Research
David Meisner	Meta
Deeksha Dangwal	Meta
Dejan Milojicic	Hewlett Packard Labs
Dennis Abts	NVIDIA
Dhruva Chakrabarti	Advanced Micro Devices (AMD)
Diana Marculescu	The University of Texas at Austin
Doug Lea	State University of New York at Oswego
Drew hilton	Duke University
Dustin Richmond	University of California, Santa Cruz
Erik Altman	IBM
Felix Lin	UVA
Fredrik Kjolstad	Stanford University
Gabriel Parmer	George Washington University
Gagandeep Singh	UIUC and VMware Research
Gaurav Chadha	Oracle America Inc.
Gennady Pekhimenko	Univ. of Toronto / CentML
George Tzimpragos	University of Michigan
Georgios Vavouliotis	Huawei
Gerd Zellweger	Feldera
Gilles Pokam	Intel
Gokul Subramanian Ravi	University of Michigan
Gu-Yeon Wei	Gu-Yeon Wei
Guilherme Cox	NVIDIA
Guy Steele	Oracle Labs
Haris Volos	University of Cyprus
Helena Caminal	Google
Huaicheng Li	Virginia Tech
Hubertus Franke	IBM Research
Hung-Wei Tseng	University of California, Riverside
Íñigo Goiri	Microsoft
Jacob Nelson	Microsoft Research
Jaehyuk Huh	KAIST
Jagadish Kotra	AMD Research
James Hegarty	Meta
James Larus	EPFL
Jason Lowe-Power	UC Davis
Jason Nieh	Columbia University
Jayneel Gandhi	Meta
Jens Palsberg	University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA)
Jeongseob Ahn	Korea University
Jian Weng	King Abdullah University of Science and Technology
Jian Xiang	UNC Charlotte
Jichuan Chang	Google
Jiecao Yu	Meta Platforms, Inc.
Jilong Xue	Microsoft Research
Jingmei Hu	Amazon
John (Jack) Sampson	Pennsylvania State University
John Alsop	AMD
John Carter	IBM
John Vilk	Stripe
John Wickerson	Imperial College London
Jonathan Baker	University of Texas, Austin
Jonathan Balkind	UC Santa Barbara
Jonathan Beard	Google
Jongse Park	KAIST
Joseph L. Greathouse	Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Karu sankaralingam	UW-Madison and Nvidia
Kathryn S McKinley	Google
Keshav Pingali	The University of Texas at Austin
Kevin Skadron	University of Virginia
Kishore Punniyamurthy	AMD Research
Kiwan Maeng	Penn State University
Kostis Kaffes	Columbia University
Lana Josipovic	ETH Zurich
Lillian Pentecost	Amherst College
Lingjia Tang	University of Michigan, myca
Lisa Wu Wills	Duke University
Lluis Vilanova	Imperial College London
Louis-Noel Pouchet	Colorado State University
Malte Schwarzkopf	Brown University
Manuel Rigger	National University of Singapore
Marco Donato	Tufts University
Marco Serafini	University of Massachusetts Amherst
Mario Badr	University of Toronto
Marios Kogias	Imperial College London
Martin Burtscher	Texas State University
Matt Farrens	University of California, Davis
Mattan Erez	UT Austin
Max Willsey	UC Berkeley
Mengjia Yan	MIT
Michael Ferdman	Stony Brook University
Michael L. Scott	University of Rochester
Michael Papamichael	Microsoft
Michael Stumm	University of Toronto
Michael Swift	University of Wisconsin–Madison
Michael Taylor	U. Washington
Miguel A. Arroyo	Code Heads Inc.
Mingkai Dong	Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Mingyu Gao	Tsinghua University
Mohamed Tarek Ibn Ziad	NVIDIA
Mohamed Zahran	New York University
Mohammad Bakhshalipour	CMU/NVIDIA
Nadav Amit	Technion – Israel Institute of Technology
Nam Sung Kim	University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign
Nathan Dautenhahn	Riverside Research
Nathaniel Bleier	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Nengkun Yu	Stony Brook University
Nicolai Oswald	NVIDIA
Ningning Xie	University of Toronto
Nishil Talati	University of Michigan/AMD Research
Omer Khan	University of Connecticut
Onur Mutlu	ETH Zurich & Stanford University
Orran Krieger	Boston University
Osbert Bastani	University of Pennsylvania
Osman Ünsal	Barcelona Supercomputing Center
Owen Arden	UC Santa Cruz
Patrick Stuedi	Meta
Pedro Fonseca	Purdue University
Pedro Trancoso	Chalmers University of Technology
Pradip Bose	IBM T. J. Watson Research Center
Prakash Murali	Cambridge University
Pramod Bhatotia	Technical University of Munich (TUM)
Qirun Zhang	Georgia Institute of Technology
Rachata Ausavarungnirun	MangoBoost
Rajiv Gupta	University of California Riverside
Rastislav Bodik	Google DeepMind / University of Washington
Robert Hundt	Google
Rodrigo Bruno	INESC-ID, Instituto Superior Técnico, Universidade de Lisboa
Rong Chen	Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Roshan Dathathri	Microsoft Research
Ryan Newton	Purdue University, Meta Platforms
Sabrina Neuman	Boston University
Sam (Likun) Xi	Google
Sam Ainsworth	University of Edinburgh
Sam H. Noh	Virginia Tech
Sam Westrick	Carnegie Mellon University
Samuel Guyer	Veracode Inc.
Sanchari Sen	IBM Research
Santosh Nagarakatte	Rutgers University
Sara Achour	Stanford University
Saugata Ghose	University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Scott Rixner	Rice University
Seo Jin Park	University of Southern California
Sergey Blagodurov	AMD
Seth Pugsley	Intel
Shoaib Akram	Australian National University
Shoaib Kamil	Adobe Research
Shravan Narayan	University of Texas at Austin
Shubu Mukherjee	Vice President, Architecture, SiFive, Inc.
Simon Cooksey	NVIDIA
Simone Campanoni	Northwestern University
Somayeh Sardashti	Google
Sotiris Apostolakis	Google
Stefan Saroiu	Microsoft
Stephen R. Beard	Cal Poly
Steve Blackburn	Google
Steve Reinhardt	AMD
Swamit Tannu	University of Wisconsin-Madison
T. N. Vijaykumar	Purdue University
Tajana Rosing	UCSD
Tanvir Ahmed Khan	Columbia University
Teague Tomesh	Infleqtion
Thomas Pasquier	University of British Columbia
Thomas Schwarz	Marquette University
Tianyin Xu	University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Tim Merrifield	Broadcom Inc.
Tim Rogers	Purdue University
Tim Sherwood	UC Santa Barbara
Todd C. Mowry	Carnegie Mellon University
Tom Conte	Georgia Institute of Technology
Tony Gutierrez	AMD Research and Advanced Development
Tor Aamodt	University of British Columbia
Trevor E. Carlson	National University of Singapore
Tyler Hunt	Corvic.ai
Ulya Karpuzcu	University of Minnesota
Valeria Bertacco	University of Michigan
Venkat Arun	UT Austin
Vidushi Dadu	Google
Vincent Laporte	Inria Nancy
Wen-mei Hwu	University of Illinois/ NVIDIA
Wenjie Xiong	Virginia Tech
Xiaosong Ma	Qatar Computing Research Institute
Yaniv David	Columbia University
Yatin A. Manerkar	University of Michigan
Yiran Chen	Duke University
Yongle Zhang	Purdue University
Youngjin Kwon	KAIST
Yu David Liu	SUNY Binghamton
Yu Hua	Huazhong University of Science and Technology
Yuanchao Xu	University of California Santa Cruz
Yuhao Zhu	University of Rochester
Yunong Shi	AWS Quantum Technologies
Zhan Shi	Huawei
Zheng (Eddy) Zhang	Rutgers University
Zsolt István	TU Darmstadt
External Review Committee
Aditya Akella	UT Austin
Adwait Jog	University of Virginia
Alaa Alameldeen	Simon Fraser University
Andrea Lattuada	VMware Research Group
Baptiste Lepers	The University of Neuchâtel
Ben Hardekopf	UC Santa Barbara
Bernard Wong	University of Waterloo
Binoy Ravindran	Virginia Tech
Boris Grot	University of Edinburgh
Chandrakana Nandi	Certora Inc.
Chris Fallin	Fastly
Christina Giannoula	University of Toronto
Cliff Young	Google
Dan Lustig	NVIDIA
Dan Sorin	Duke University
Dan Tsafrir	Technion
Dan Williams	Virginia Tech
David Kaeli	Northeastern University
David Nellans	NVIDIA
Devesh Tiwari	Northeastern University
Gernot Heiser	UNSW Sydney
Heiner Litz	UC Santa Cruz
Jae W. Lee	Seoul National University
Jaime Moreno	IBM Research (Emeritus)
James Tuck	NC State University
Jonathan Ragan-Kelley	MIT CSAIL
Joshua San Miguel	University of Wisconsin-Madison
Kazem Taram	Purdue University
Keval Vora	Simon Fraser University
Laurent Bindschaedler	MPI-SWS
Li-Shiuan Peh	National University of Singapore
Lizy Kurian John	The University of Texas at Austin
Mangpo Phothilimthana	Google DeepMind
Mark D. Hill	Microsoft and U. Wisconsin
Mark Jeffrey	University of Toronto
Mark Silberstein	Technion – Israel Institute of Technology
Matt Sinclair	UW-Madison, AMD Research
Michael O’Boyle	University of Edinburgh
Murali Annavaram	USC
Natalie Enright Jerger	University of Toronto
Neal Crago	NVIDIA
Paolo Faraboschi	HPE
Paul Gratz	Texas A&M University
Pavel Panchekha	University of Utah
Ryan Huang	University of Michigan
Sophia Shao	UC Berkeley
Stephen Freund	Williams College
Stephen McCamant	University of Minnesota
Tamara Lehman	University of Colorado Boulder
Thaleia Dimitra Doudali	IMDEA Software Institute
Theo Drane	Intel Corporation
Tiark Rompf	Purdue University
Tim Harris	Microsoft
Yatish Turakhia	University of California San Diego
Yiannakis Sazeides	University of Cyprus
Yipeng Huang	Rutgers University
Yu-Hsin Chen	EnCharge AI
Yufei Ding	UCSD
Proudly powered by WordPress
