28th International Congress of Mechanical Engineering2025 COBEMWelcome Message from the Organizing CommitteeWelcome to the 2025 COBEM ð 28th International Congress of Mechanical Engineering. The COBEM 2025 organizing committee would like to thank each of you for attending this conference to exchange ideas on the future of Mechanical Engineering, in Brazil and abroad. The theme ÊArtificial Intelligence for a Sustainable TomorrowË was selected for COBEM 2025 recognizing the possibilities of AI and sustainable innovation in engineering, building on ABCMıs five-decade legacy of influence and progress.The conference includes a full array of keynote speakers, plenary sessions, and technical paper presentations and posters, short courses, award sessions, committee and ABCM sessions, and the COBEM EXPO, an open forum for discussion where attendees can interact and network with the community, including our partners and sponsors. New events this year, open to all attendees, include the Pitch Day, two Roundtables on Artificial Intelligence (AI) and on Sustainability, and a presentation from members of the International Union of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics, IUTAM and of the International Federation for the Promotion of Machine and Mechanism Science, IFToMM, and a space for children.The conference expects around 2,000 scientists, researchers, faculty, students, and professional engineers to present and discuss all topics of the following symposia: Aerospace Engineering; Bioengineering; Combustion; Dynamics, Control, Vibrations, and Acoustics; Education; Energy and Thermal Sciences; Engineering Design; Fluid Mechanics and Rheology; Fracture, Fatigue, and Structural Integrity; Materials and Manufacturing Engineering; Mechatronics and Automation; Nano and Microfluidic and Microsystems; Non-linear Phenomena; Offshore and Petroleum Engineering; Heating, Ventilation, Air-Conditioning, and Refrigeration; Smart Materials and Structures; Solid Mechanics, and Uncertainty Quantification and Stochastic Modeling.The organizing committee acknowledges and appreciates the continued support of CAPES, CNPq, ABCM members, the national and international mechanical engineering community, and the industry, without which this conference would never have been possible. The generous financial support provided by our patrons is also a key factor to holding the conference, and their exhibits provide a welcome interactive visual component to the conference. Please be sure to visit the exhibition booths.We also thank the scientific coordinators, reviewers and all authors. Special thanks are due to the Engineers without Borders, ESF, of Curitiba, as well as the organizing universitiesı team of undergraduate, graduate students and post-doctoral researchers, for their voluntary work.It is the hope of the Organizing Committee that each of you will find the conference to be enjoyable, stimulating, and enlightening.Last but not least, all participants are invited to celebrate the 50th anniversary of ABCM in this special year of 2025. Please be also sure to attend the opening Cocktail reception, Coffee breaks, the Happy Hours and the Conference dinner.We look forward to seeing you in Curitiba next November.Prof. JosÄ Viriato Coelho Vargas, UFPRChairmanProf. þlisson Rocha Machado, PUCPRCo-ChairProf. Diogo Berta Pitz, UFPRTreasurerProfa. Cçssia Maria Lie Ugaya, UTFPRScientific EditorProfa. Giuliana Sardi Venter, UFPRVice-Scientific EditorProf. LuÆs Mauro Moura, PUCPRExecutive Director (Logistics)Prof. AndrÄ Bellin Mariano, UFPRDirector of Scientific OutreachProf JosÄ Manoel Balthazar, UNESPICONNE ChairMPORTANT DATES* DEC162024Abstract submission opening* MAR102025Abstract submission deadline* APR062025Abstract acceptance notification* APR072025Full Paper submission opening* JUN062025Full Paper submission deadline* JUL282025Full Paper acceptance notification* JUL292025Final paper submission opening* SEP072025Final paper submission deadline* SEP212025Final paper acceptance notification* NOV082025PITCH DAY (Pre-opening Event)* NOV092025Event Start* NOV142025End of EventABOUT THE VENUECentro PolitÄcnico ð UFPR (Polytechnic Center ð Federal University of Paranç)ABOUT CURITIBACuritiba is the capital of the state of Paranç, Brazil. With a population exceeding 1.9 million inhabitants, Curitiba is globally recognized for its pioneering urban planning, sustainable transportation, and innovative public policies. The city has received numerous awards for its smart city initiatives and is frequently cited as a benchmark for urban quality of life and environmental preservation.