EGU General Assembly 2026The EGU General Assembly 2026 brings together geoscientists from all over the world to one meeting covering all disciplines of the Earth, planetary, and space sciences. The EGU aims to provide a forum where scientists, especially early career researchers, can present their work and discuss their ideas with experts in all fields of geoscience.Welcome to the EGU General Assembly, 2026 to be held from 3–8 May 2026! Every year around 20,000 researchers from the full spectrum of subject specialisms covered by our 22 scientific divisions and beyond come together in Vienna, Austria, and online to share and debate critical cutting edge scientific discoveries. Run by the European Geosciences Union (EGU) in partnership with our conference provider Copernicus Meetings, the meeting aims to provide a unique and supportive space for researchers to come together to discuss their work, build collaborations and share new ideas in a transparent and inclusive environment. Through promoting open access to our participants and continuing to evolve our new hybrid meeting model, EGU aspires to foster a community of researchers confidently equipped with the tools, networks, and support to address our world’s biggest questions and challenges.In this section you can find information to help you attend the EGU26 General Assembly, either in Vienna, or online, including our General Assembly rules of conduct, information about the venue, accommodation, and catering options, how to access financial support and waivers, how to get a letter of invitation, the EGU’s steps towards accessibility and inclusion at the meeting, and information about our free childcare service.You will also be able to find the full programme here when it is available and the full details for registration, costs for the various tiers, and ways to engage with the meeting.Do not forget that the meeting goes far beyond just the scientific sessions; any participant can also organize a Townhall Meeting or Splinter Meeting, take part in the Art-Science activities at the meeting, interact with the teachers participating in the GIFT training or organize a social event through our pop-up networking event scheduler!If you have any questions, please reach out and ask, the EGU staff and our conference team at Copernicus are here to support you.Meeting formatThe EGU General Assembly in 2026 will combine the best of long-established, traditional presentation and networking formats, while continuing to support hybridization and improving accessibility and inclusion for all of our participants. EGU26 will feature oral presentations, poster sessions, and the established PICO format for presenters on-site in Vienna as well as those presenting remotely.Note: For remote session access, a corresponding Zoom link will appear in the programme 15 minutes prior to the session’s start.Author Introduction:Welcome to the authors section of the EGU26 General Assembly website. In this section you will find everything you need to submit an abstract, manage your submission, and deliver a great scientific presentation at EGU26!As an author at the EGU General Assembly you are providing vital information that drives scientific discovery, through the sharing and constructive discussion of your scientific work with other experts both within your field, and from across any of EGU’s 22 scientific divisions. As the second largest meeting for Earth, planetary and space science researchers in the world, you are guaranteed to find someone who can bring a fresh and enriching perspective to your work. This meeting also provides the opportunity for you to share your expertise and insights for others on a wide range of subjects and methodologies.This section includes guides and resources for everything you will need to submit an abstract and present at EGU, from the initial abstract submission and abstract management tools, to guidelines on what to expect as a presenter at EGU26, how to upload your presentation and how to use the EGU’s virtual networking platform on Gather.This section also includes useful resources for presenters planning on coming to the General Assembly, including links to information about financial support and waivers, and a guide to copyright information.Do not forget that the meeting goes far beyond just the scientific sessions; you can also organize a Townhall Meeting or Splinter Meeting, or take part in the Art-Science activities at the meeting, interact with the teachers participating in the GIFT training or organize a social event through our pop-up networking event scheduler!Whatever you choose to do, do not forget that the EGU staff and our conference team at Copernicus are here to support you, and if you have any questions, please reach out and ask. Do not forget to check the deadlines and milestones to keep on top of our timeline, and sign up for our Monthly Updates to stay connected. Whether this is your 1st time attending an EGU General Assembly, or your 25th, then we hope you have an exciting and fulfilling experience.ABOUT Information about EGU The European Geosciences Union (EGU) is the leading organization for Earth, planetary and space science research in Europe. With our partner organizations worldwide, we foster fundamental geoscience research, alongside applied research that addresses key societal and environmental challenges. Our vision is to realise a sustainable and just future for humanity and for the planet.The EGU is a non-profit international union of scientists with about 20,000 members from all over the world. Membership is open to individuals who are professionally engaged in or associated with geosciences and planetary and space sciences and related studies, including students and retired seniors.The EGU publishes a number of diverse scientific journals, which use an innovative open access format, and organizes topical meetings, and education and outreach activities. It also honours scientists with a number of awards and medals. The annual EGU General Assembly is the largest and most prominent European geosciences event, attracting over 21,000 scientists from all over the world in the year 2025. The meeting’s sessions cover a wide range of topics, including: natural hazards; planetary exploration; the Earth’s internal structure; atmosphere, hydrology, and biogeosciences; climate science; ocean science; as well as energy and resources.The EGU was established in September 2002 as a merger of the European Geophysical Society (EGS) and the European Union of Geosciences (EUG), and has headquarters in Munich, Germany.To deliver the EGU annual General Assembly we work in partnership with our conference provider and publisher, Copernicus.org.VenueThe EGU General Assembly 2026 will take place in the Austria Center Vienna (ACV), which is located next to the station "KaisermЯhlen-VIC" of the metro U1 (Wiener Linien) running from the city centre (Stephansplatz) to Leopoldau.The congress centre is also well reachable via the Airport Bus (station "Wien KaisermЯhlen VIC").